DroneProcess.java
 DroneProcess
simulators/Buffer.java
 simulators.Buffer
REST/server/Administrator.java
 REST.server.Administrator
proto/Welcome.java
 proto.Welcome
 proto.Welcome$1
 proto.Welcome$AliveMessage
 proto.Welcome$AliveMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$AliveMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$AliveMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$AliveResponse
 proto.Welcome$AliveResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$AliveResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$AliveResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredMessage
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredResponse
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveredResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryMessage
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryResponse
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$DeliveryResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$ElectedMessage
 proto.Welcome$ElectedMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$ElectedMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$ElectedMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$ElectedResponse
 proto.Welcome$ElectedResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$ElectedResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$ElectedResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$ElectionMessage
 proto.Welcome$ElectionMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$ElectionMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$ElectionMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$ElectionResponse
 proto.Welcome$ElectionResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$ElectionResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$ElectionResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$Order
 proto.Welcome$Order$1
 proto.Welcome$Order$Builder
 proto.Welcome$OrderOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersMessage
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersResponse
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$PendingOrdersResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$Position
 proto.Welcome$Position$1
 proto.Welcome$Position$Builder
 proto.Welcome$PositionMessage
 proto.Welcome$PositionMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$PositionMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$PositionMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$PositionOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$PositionResponse
 proto.Welcome$PositionResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$PositionResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$PositionResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeComplete
 proto.Welcome$RechargeComplete$1
 proto.Welcome$RechargeComplete$Builder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeCompleteOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeCompleteResponse
 proto.Welcome$RechargeCompleteResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$RechargeCompleteResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeCompleteResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeRequest
 proto.Welcome$RechargeRequest$1
 proto.Welcome$RechargeRequest$Builder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeRequestOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeResponse
 proto.Welcome$RechargeResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$RechargeResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$RechargeResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneMessage
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneResponse
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$UnavailableDroneResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeMessage
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeMessage$1
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeMessage$Builder
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeResponse
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeResponse$1
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeResponse$Builder
 proto.Welcome$WelcomeResponseOrBuilder
modules/DeliveryStatistics.java
 modules.DeliveryStatistics
threads/RechargeLockServer.java
 threads.RechargeLockServer
modules/Stats.java
 modules.Stats
modules/Stat.java
 modules.Stat
REST/services/StatService.java
 REST.services.StatService
simulators/Measurement.java
 simulators.Measurement
simulators/PM10Simulator.java
 simulators.PM10Simulator
modules/Timestamps.java
 modules.Timestamps
modules/Order.java
 modules.Order
proto/ManagerGrpc.java
 proto.ManagerGrpc
 proto.ManagerGrpc$1
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerBaseDescriptorSupplier
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerBlockingStub
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerFileDescriptorSupplier
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerFutureStub
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerImplBase
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerMethodDescriptorSupplier
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerStub
 proto.ManagerGrpc$MethodHandlers
modules/AddResponse.java
 modules.AddResponse
modules/OrdersQueue.java
 modules.OrdersQueue
MQTT/Dronazon.java
 MQTT.Dronazon
simulators/Simulator.java
 simulators.Simulator
modules/Position.java
 modules.Position
threads/DroneUnavailable.java
 threads.DroneUnavailable
threads/MasterLifeChecker.java
 threads.MasterLifeChecker
 threads.MasterLifeChecker$1
threads/DeliveryChecker.java
 threads.DeliveryChecker
modules/Drones.java
 modules.Drones
threads/DeliveryThread.java
 threads.DeliveryThread
 threads.DeliveryThread$1
threads/AssignPendingDeliveries.java
 threads.AssignPendingDeliveries
 threads.AssignPendingDeliveries$1
threads/RechargingThread.java
 threads.RechargeLock
 threads.RechargeLock$1
 threads.RechargingThread
GRPC/ManagerServiceImpl.java
 GRPC.ManagerServiceImpl
threads/RechargeRequest.java
 threads.RechargeRequest
 threads.RechargeRequest$1
threads/AssignDelivery.java
 threads.AssignDelivery
 threads.AssignDelivery$1
REST/services/DronesService.java
 REST.services.DronesService
modules/Drone.java
 modules.Drone
 modules.Drone$1
threads/ComputeStatistics.java
 threads.ComputeStatistics
threads/ElectionThread.java
 threads.ElectionThread
 threads.ElectionThread$1
 threads.ElectionThread$2
threads/ElectedThread.java
 threads.ElectedThread
 threads.ElectedThread$1
threads/PrintInfos.java
 threads.PrintInfos
threads/UpdatePosition.java
 threads.UpdatePosition
 threads.UpdatePosition$1
MQTT/DroneSubscriber.java
 MQTT.DroneSubscriber
 MQTT.DroneSubscriber$1
modules/MyBuffer.java
 modules.MyBuffer
GRPC/GRPCDroneServer.java
 GRPC.GRPCDroneServer
threads/DronesInput.java
 threads.DronesInput
 threads.DronesInput$1
threads/WelcomeThread.java
 threads.WelcomeThread
 threads.WelcomeThread$1
REST/client/Administrator.java
 REST.client.Administrator
